Set portside jettison.
Hit that baby!
We just jettisoned from
the portside airlocks.
We're gonna be home
in six months. baby!
No. the whole point
is to jettison from
the back of the ship
because that's what
pushes you forwards.
You have knocked us off course.
Our new trajectory. eight years.
Don't touch my stuff!
♪ (THEME MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪
stand on deck four. Please
report to reception.
Welcome.
Yeah. I have seen the
actual security footage.
- Of you?
- Yes. Yes.
Climbing into a
dumpster like a raccoon?
Like... like an
inebriated. sexy raccoon.
Ooh. my kind of raccoon.
The chicken's good.
- It's not bad. is it?
- Yeah.
When you think that it's just
reconstituted eel protein.
it's actually... It's
actually all right.
But are the portions
getting smaller?
No. I think you're just
eating it from farther away.
so it looks...
But we've got enough for.
like. the next four weeks?
- Definitely.
- Yeah.
We've got beef and chicken
coming out of our ears.
Coming out of our eels. in fact.
Oh. I love it when
you talk eels to me.
- Because I am captain...
- Yeah?
Anything I say is
automatically seductive.
- Hmm.
- Pass the salt.
Oh. yeah. condiment man.
Afraid grandma's
not gonna make it.
Oh. poor grandma.
Honey. I'm filing for divorce.
Oh. I'm sorry. That was...
Captain Blunder
Gob strikes again.
No. no. it's okay.
Ignore my face.
Charles is history. He jumped
ship a long time ago. so...
I'm sorry. I'm just so...
I'm so not match fit
at this kind of thing.
No. you really are.
(OVER TV) I made these
waffles this morning.
- And look at that.
- He's so funny.
- You got your batter.
- There he goes.
We got our ice cube
tray for the mold.
Doing recipes out of
bits of his cabin.
And pour the mixture
onto our preheated iron.
- The kids love his show.
- So do I.
- Do you?
- I absolutely love it.
It sounds crazy.
but crazy happens
when you crank up the Frank.
And the kids. I'd love to
get to know them better.
Give them a tour of the ship.
Oh. my God. the kids
would love that.
So maybe this could be
more than four weeks?
I think it could be a
lot more than four weeks.
Yeah.
- I think I should get this.
- Mm-hmm.
Hey. Ryan. uh. this is
just your daily reminder
to tell the passengers
that they're gonna be stuck
on this elegant space
finger for nearly a decade.
It's Matt.
You know. I'm going to put
this on do-not-disturb.
Well. they seem to
be taking it well.
- What?
- Did he tell you?
Uh. no... no. I was just...
- Would you excuse me a moment?
- Sure.
♪ It's time For a
royal announcement ♪
- No. no. no.
- Oh. my God. what is it?
- Duty calls. Duty howls. in fact.
- Thank you.
You have to tell
the truth. Ryan.
Should I use a more
aggressive tack?
Because I find
that British people
often respond better to
abuse than encouragement.
Now. look. Matt.
you telling me that my breath
smells like a cat's back passage
is not gonna make me
tell them any quicker.
Okay. just humor me.
Craptain Ryan. Craptain Lying.
Oh. is this... You've
started. have you?
- Mm-hmm.
- All right.
Yeah. you depressed.
anorexic Santa Claus.
- That's what you are.
- Mm-hmm.
How do you shave
that face of lies?
- I use an electric.
- Yeah?
Well. you're a pissy
little mummy's boy.
- Mummy's boy!
- My mother's dead.
Yes. because she hated
you. so she exploded.
- Hmm.
- Is this getting us anywhere?
- It's not. no. no.
- Okay.
I'll tell you why. Because
if I tell the passengers
that we are stuck up here
for another eight years
and the food is running out.
I'm gonna become the next
all-you-can-eat buffet.
I will tell them when I've
seen the food shortage plan
that Rav is working on.
Ping! Sounds like Rav's
food shortage plan is ready.
Yes. that is exactly what
me being here signifies
and presumably what that
pinging sound was about.
Oh. here's someone who knows
what a long time looks like.
Spike Martin. come
join us please.
Yes. I certainly will.
Totally impromptu.
This is feeling to me
like an intervention.
Ryan. it's time to retract
your head from your ass.
- Don't be afraid of the truth.
- I'm not afraid of the truth.
I'm just afraid of
it leaving my lips.
- ♪ (QUIRKY MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
- Jell-O in a shower cap mold.
Check out Frank's Kitchen
every day at 3:00.
It's home cooking.
without the home.
Love that jiggle.
Food's taken a dive.
I had a one-season four
seasons pizza yesterday.
- Winter.
- Ah. the worst.
I like the food being
all the same color.
It's less confusing
for my mouth.
- God. I miss real tomatoes.
- Tell me about it.
- I know. right?
I am so desperate for...
relatable vegetables myself.
I don't know how you're
still eating that.
- You have to stop.
- Well. the good news is.
is we only have to deal with
four more weeks of that.
I mean. Captain Ryan
would've told us if the trip
- is gonna be any longer.
- Yeah.
Unless he has a good reason
not to. which he doesn't.
Not that I'd know.
Why are you asking?
- Isn't this your ship?
- What?
- Ship...
Yeah. name only.
You know. you could
just as easily blame
Martin Luther King
for king-sized beds.
- Blame him for kings.
- Or kings.
- Or sizes.
- Can I grab you?
Rav is ready with
the food report
in the boardroom.
That sounds more like
a Ryan kind of thing.
I don't even know where
the. uh. boardroom is.
That's true. I was in
the boardroom once.
and Mr. Judd came
in. and he said.
"Oh. what is this room?"
Um. I'm not good
at whatever this...
Your face... What...
What are you doing?
Nothing. Like my
role on this ship.
Well. I hear that it's good
news and that you will like it.
- I should take that.
- Later.
See you later.
What's the good news?
It's not good news. and
the boardroom is this way.
Don't patronize me. I know
where the fucking boardroom is.
Oh. my God.
Tomorrow. I'm cooking
steak in a trouser press.
Remember. folks.
anything can be a garnish
if you're brave enough.
Honey. I'm done filming my show!
It's not a show. Frank.
It's you on a video feed making
popcorn with a hairdryer.
God. I've been here for months.
When can I leave this cabin?
You know what? I'm done.
I'm done. It's time
to get out of here.
- What? No!
- Let me go and talk to them.
- Honey. you can't!
- I can just...
I can beg forgiveness.
I can be very. very
humble when I need to be.
Do you remember when I ran
over your sister's foot?
Karen. you knocked us off course
for eight years. They hate you.
- They hate me?
- I...
Hate is such a
strong word. Uh...
Which is why it's so appropriate
for how they feel about you.
Okay?
I have to go bowling with
the guys. I'm going to see
if they're still drawing
your face on the pins.
♪ (WHIMSICAL MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
Hey. I saw you making them
waffles. They looked good.
- Didn't they?
- Yeah.
I'm glad you watched.
We got to get you
watching. man. Come on.
Hey. new faces and some old
ones I haven't seen in so long.
they seem like new ones.
Just stop it. will you?
We're not buying it.
Buying what?
The whole "I don't know
what's going on" thing.
Is there something going on.
Ryan. that I don't know about?
Judd. shut your bit.
Rav. let's hear it.
I've put some numbers
into the model.
and the results are... Whoo!
Relax. nobody's gonna shoot
you. You're just the messenger.
Oh. I'm sorry. I just get
quite nervous when I'm...
nervous.
That's an eclectic outfit.
Are you trying to.
uh. flummox predators?
All right. well. I
arrived on the ship
with a limited wardrobe.
so I had to borrow a few
items from the deceased.
And technically. it's
not even really borrowing
'cause it's unlikely they'll
want it back. They're...
- Rav. the plan.
- Sorry. yes. okay.
Obviously. we're all aware
of the food and
resources shortage issue.
No.
I'm sorry. I really
am dropping it now.
And so...
The passengers will be
split into two groups.
The first group...
the Guaranteed...
will be fed.
The second group will
be given a chance to...
manifest their own...
destiny...
sealed below deck.
What?
That's it? That's your plan?
That we turn half the
passengers into a screaming.
underfloor heating system?
Oh. this is going to put
a stain on my record.
We would obviously provide them
with some initial supplies.
seeds. sourdough cultures.
a urine filtration system.
And then to benefit
the mental health
of the Guaranteed. we would
cease all communication with...
- the Pioneers.
- "Pioneers"?
What... Pioneers of
what? Pop-up cemeteries?
Okay. if you could just
take some of that rage
and direct it towards the model.
Did you know about this?
I knew that we would have to
make some difficult decisions.
I just didn't know it'd be
explained with stickers.
Why would people do this?
Uh. you said there'd
be no judgement here.
That was before you suggested
industrial slaughter.
I have a question.
What the fuck?
Look. I don't like this.
but something's got to give.
- It's either die or die.
- I vote against Rav's plan.
Okay. but yeah. let's not
call Rav's plan "Rav's Plan."
- Okay. stop saying "Rav's plan."
- What would you prefer?
"Rav Mulcair's
Festival of Murder"?
Look. is it not better
that half of us die quickly
than that all of
us starve slowly.
- just to play devil's advocate?
- And that's okay. is it?
Advocating for the devil.
I'm not sure if you're aware.
Matt. but the devil's generally
agreed to be a bad egg.
Well. thanks. Rav.
Turns out it's not
so easy. is it?
Raining blood on
people's dreams?
You're gonna have to tell them
we're not going home
in a month. Ryan.
Yes. that is
something I do know.
Not going to do it. You
can't make me tell them.
I'm going to go and
gargle some bleach now.
so my voice box packs in.
No. that will actually kill you.
Added bonus.
♪ (MAJESTIC MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
If these are the Heavens.
Mr. Judd. are we then gods?
Or stardust returning home?
♪ (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
After a freak accident.
Avenue 5 is stuck in space.
but a new streaming drama
imagining life on the ship
is fuckin' hella trending.
Iris. turn around. Talk to me.
Let me see your lying face!
Is that what you wanted?
Who are you?
Now. we're gonna meet
a real-life survivor
and all-around girly boss
bad bitch. Iris Kimura.
- Whoo!
- ♪ (UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYS) ♪
- Hi. Dawn.
- Come on. some love!
Whoo-hoo! Whoo!
Your cough is the best.
The government has abandoned
us. and we need your...
- Iris. spill the tea.
- Yeah.
Is the real Avenue 5 anything
like this new streaming drama?
Well. the real
captain has a beard.
And. uh. I'm here.
- Yeah.
- You know. not in space. uh...
DALAI LAME-ASS:
I don't get it.
But... but more importantly.
the government has abandoned us.
- and we need...
- Don't fuck off while she's talking.
Stick around. In thirty minutes.
I will be unpacking a suitcase
I found on my driveway.
I love suitcases.
Back to Iris.
Uh. yes. the... the
government has abandoned us.
so we need to fund a...
JOHN-THE-BAP-FIST:
Fuck the government.
Yes. John-The-Bap-Fist. uh.
I'm here to raise awareness.
- by which I mean money. And...
- Show us your feet.
Really? Are they gonna keep
interrupting every time...
Why are the comms down. Iris?
- I... I don't know.
- Spit it. sister.
Well. because the
comms are down.
- I don't... It's hard to...
- Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Why doesn't her face move?
I can move my face.
- Show 'em. Iris.
- No.
Do it.
Will she take the cheese
cracker challenge then?
- Yes.
- No. No.
How are the passengers
coping with the news
they're stuck for eight years?
Did they freak the fuck out?
They took it with
dignity. StinkyRick.
I mean. I imagine.
I wasn't there.
And also. the comms are down.
Right. but they know they're
stuck for eight years.
They... they have been told.
♪ (MUSIC STOPS ABRUPTLY) ♪
Should we do the. uh. just
do the cracker challenge now.
- get it over with?
- She wants those crackers.
♪ (UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYS) ♪
Question one. If you
could go back in time
and murder one
historical figure.
who would it be?
Jay Leno.
♪ (QUIRKY MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
I mean. you can only work
with the options you're given.
Mass death or selective death.
There's no vegan
option. I'm sorry.
But I do think we owe
it to the passengers
to prepare them
for the possibility
- that it's gonna be eight years.
- No.
- Let's utterly not do that.
- Yeah. I'm going to.
What the shaved
dickens are you doing?
- Sir. hey.
- No!
We are doing a little
survey of the passengers...
- Hi.
- About what they are
least looking forward
to back on Earth.
There's nothing I'm
not looking forward to.
I hate it up here.
Breathing recycled farts.
Well. that was a
lovely chat. Let's go.
No. no. no. Come on. come on.
Maybe there's a coworker
you work with. right?
Where you think. "Ugh. if I
didn't see that prick again
for eight years. that
would be perfect."
What? Eight years?
That's a crazy number.
Sorry. what is this?
This? This is just a short.
one-question hypothetical.
That was great feedback.
Oh. you want some feedback?
The kettle in my cabin
stopped whistling.
It just splutters like a
sea otter being choked out.
Um. so there's a suggestion box
- on. um. deck five.
- 'Course there is.
- Off you go.
- Thanks.
The dumpling mold is the
pocket of your pants.
Just make sure you're
not wearing the pants.
Hey. Rav. what if we used Frank
to tell the passengers
about the eight years?
Frank. the guy who made
a haggis in a condom?
Yeah. it was delicious.
His show has reach.
right? We could use him
to help the passengers acclimate
to the coming blunder-fuck.
♪ (TRANQUIL MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
- Sorry about earlier
- Which earlier?
Yeah. good point. All
of them. I suppose.
Everything all
right with the eels?
Apart from the fact that we
get all our food from them.
Yeah. they're still not
reproducing at the rate
that we need them to.
so we may have to
stimulate reproduction.
Manually? Like... Like
they do with horses?
Yeah. not totally
out of the question.
No. I would say that it is.
but that's because I'd always
imagined my fate hinging
on something nobler
than wanking an eel.
But there you go.
Life is pain.
I've got to go and
tell the passengers.
- You're what?
- Yep.
I'm going to tell them that
we're not going to get home
- for eight years.
- Really?
You're gonna do it? You...
You... You're gonna tell them?
I am resisting with
every fiber of my being.
which is how I know it's
the right thing to do.
Wow. that could be a mob.
Sweetie. you should go
hide in the bathroom.
Nice. Put the troll
back in the cave.
- Hi.
- Hey.
Bit of an urgent situation.
We were wondering if you would
do some public outreach work
for us on your show.
Consider it done. of
course. Yeah. happy to.
- Well. thank you.
- Yeah. um...
Hold on. why would
you wanna use Frank?
- Oh. God.
- I mean. his audience must be tiny.
and I'm guessing most of
them watch it on mute. so...
All right. sweetie.
why don't you
maybe go take a nap or write
in your penance journal.
Okay?
Okay. the... The
passengers love Frank.
so we can use that
to tell the people
that it's gonna be eight years
till we're back to Earth.
Everyone knows we're
eight years from Earth.
I mean. why would you
pick at that scab?
Exactly. that's why we
need Frank to soften...
- Wait. sorry.
- I'm sorry?
- You think the passengers know?
- Of course they know.
That's why Frank's
bricked me up in here.
- 'cause everybody blames me.
- Oh. my God.
- Hmm.
- You kept her in here?
Uh. kept... kept is...
That's a strong word.
It's... it's like a shrouding.
Wait a minute.
The passengers don't know?
Ryan hasn't told them yet?
No. they think we're four weeks
from Earth because of you.
Karen. you could be out
there living like a GI
who liberated Paris right
now with garlands of flowers
and multiple STDs.
You told me
that I couldn't leave the cabin
because the passengers wanted
to use my sphincter
as a hockey puck.
- Ooh.
- I was protecting her.
It's like. you know.
sometimes the best way
of protecting someone
- is by subjugating them.
- Oh. Frank.
Okay. but. Frank. the vow is
"to have and to hold." right?
- Not "hold hostage."
- It's always the quiet ones.
I just had the chance to be me.
- What?
- I know now that that was wrong.
I have to tell these
guys the truth.
- Everybody needs to know.
- No! No. no. no.
No. look. I don't
deal well with chaos!
Um. please. can somebody
get me a weighted blanket
and a red inhaler?
You're gonna be
inhaling my red fist...
if somebody doesn't
bring me Captain Ryan
- right here. right now!
- Help.
Wow. I am so proud of you.
Well. that's a first.
Yeah. it's like watching
my child learn how to walk.
But how you gonna tell 'em?
Uh. I was thinking very badly.
No. no. no. Come on.
You're gonna be great.
You want to rehearse
the whole thing with me?
No thanks. You don't rehearse
expelling kidney stones.
No. I just. uh. I've got to
go in there and just do it.
Yes. You just got to do it.
You just got to take the leap.
- and you got to just do it!
- I'm going to do it!
You tell the truth.
and you make me proud!
- I'm gonna make myself proud.
- Yes.
I'm gonna confront
all my weaknesses.
All previous wrongs
will be corrected.
Karen has entered the game.
After I've dealt with this.
♪ (SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
- What is it. Iris?
- Is this love? What we have?
If love is mostly darkness. yes.
♪ (MUSIC CONTINUES OVER TV) ♪
Oh.
Uh. we saw the interview.
Fun. right?
You don't think the lighting
made me look severe?
- Uh...
- Yeah. just put it down there.
Can I help you?
Uh. no. I'm good.
Oh. God. that is...
That is well gone.
Get me a ginger
snap and an update.
Okay. take the science
project and go home.
I say home. I assume wherever
you sleep has a license plate.
Okay. first up. I'm here to fix
the delay with the ship's comms.
I like the delay.
This is an algorithm generator.
It analyses your chat profile
to accurately predict
what you're going to say.
and then says it.
All you need is a big
enough user data set.
So. if you'd pass
me your tablet?
- Under no circumstances.
- Okay. give me your tablet.
Absolutely. There you are.
What are you...
See. it now knows
enough about Alan
to predict how he'll
respond in any situation.
Try it. Have a chat.
I don't chat with Alan.
Oh. go on. Cross something
off your bucket list.
Hi.
That's it? Hi?
How are you?
Uh. nervous.
Anything else to
say for yourself?
Yes. Can I go now?
That was uncanny.
Except I would have started
with "Can I go now?"
Right.
What is that. your
victim's ears?
Ah. there it is.
You're from the Office
of the Other President?
TOTOPOTUS. yeah. You'd
think I'd buy a nicer tie.
I'm just. uh. accessing
the ship's comms.
- Uh. uh. no...
- Um...
Yep. As I thought.
Someone. I'm guessing you
and Judd. turned off comms.
You're not authorized
to think that.
So those passengers. they
don't know they're marooned
in space for eight years.
Well. this is a ball ache.
I think you need to
go. now. to hell.
On behalf of TOTOPOTUS.
I'm commandeering
your operation.
The room is ours.
♪ (TENSE MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
Uh...
- Up. up. up.
- No. no.
Yeah. just. uh. harvest
it. Take it all.
Hey! Those are our wires!
You don't deserve them!
Oh. no. they're mine now.
And I'm reopening
comms with Avenue 5.
So you've got 30
minutes until showtime.
And this is the bridge. I think.
I don't actually know. I've
never been here before.
Oh. What's the maximum
speed of this craft?
Good question. What
a good question.
And one I wish I could answer.
but I feel like it would be
culturally insensitive
to our captain.
Captain Ryan. who is in charge
of this ship and this voyage
and any changes that
happen to the voyage
that cannot be known by
us. or specifically by me.
- Okay? You getting all that?
- I think so.
What is that? What do...
How do I get rid of this?
- Iris?
- It's me.
Got some new tech
to fix the delay.
Predicts your speech by collating
everything you ever said.
then predicts what
you're gonna say.
Cool. Um. how much money do
I have left? Please say lots.
You have enough
to eat. Be happy.
Welcome back. Iris.
Restoring smart-seat to
your default settings.
Are you calling me
from the toilet?
When I do that. I'm
a goddamn animal.
The Office of the Other POTUS know
we've been blocking the comms.
What?
They're switching them back on.
And I'm calling you
from. not during.
Your pH levels are normal.
Oh. that's ironic.
since you're kind of
acidic as a person.
Wait. You've been
blocking the comms?
Ryan needs to tell everyone
they're stuck up
there for eight years.
We're not almost home?
Oh. shit. she's not
supposed to know that.
Oh. that's not me confirming
the information. by the way.
But they need to be
told in a sensitive way.
That's great. You
mean like this?
♪ (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
Hey. Cap! When we're home.
I'm getting a tattoo
of you on my glute.
That is so humbling.
Hey. Whoa. Captain.
where's the fire?
Uh... Oh. Spike. can
you give these guys
a VIP tour of the bridge?
Would that be okay?
For sure. Come on.
Let's go eat space!
Are you delegating
spending time with us?
- No.
- Yeah.
Spike is the best...
that we have.
She said eight years.
No. I think you misheard.
I believe she said eight...
Eight ears. She had eight ears.
His English is not good English.
I heard what she said.
and that wasn't it.
She's a hologram. She's not
a real person. by definition.
- Okay. but I definitely heard her say...
- She's not a real person.
You guys don't want to watch
an argument about reality.
- Let's check out something cooler.
- Is there gonna be a fight?
Well. if there is. we
do not have tickets.
Hey. kids. how about some
hot chocolate with sprinkles?
Hmm? Man. I wish we had some.
Ryan. is it true?
That nobody knows we're
here for eight years?
See. I... I thought I was
doing the passengers a service.
They've had five months
in a state of
blissful ignorance.
How could you do that to me
after all we've been
through together?
We haven't been through
anything together.
Exactly.
You are a small. small man.
And I am going to grate you...
like a nutmeg.
Honey. what are you... No. no!
- Um. do something.
- Nah. um...
No!
- No. no.
- Go on. You're a captain.
If you can marry people. you
can restrain them as well.
That's... None of that.
No. Karen. Karen. Karen.
Oh!
- Foot!
- Eff your foot.
Dig deep. sister.
This is your time.
- Whose side are you on?
- The winner's.
Always the winner's.
Do we have any tranquilizers?
She needs tranq-ing!
Let this take place.
This needs to happen.
Karen. don't... don't...
He trapped me. Ryan.
like a hog in a pen.
Is she crying or orgasming?
Is she asleep?
Just stay focused
because there may be
an anaconda squeeze coming.
Okay. kids. uh. listen.
same rules as life
drawing class.
You look. don't touch.
Well. I like what you've
done with the place.
which seems to be
to cover it in dirt.
Yeah. we're going for
a subtle layered look.
Uh. guys? Spike?
I didn't know we were
running a daycare.
No. actually. the
captain organized us
a little tour. so...
Oh. that's... They're playing
with all the buttons. Nope.
No. no. no. No.
She's locked it.
- Oh. like when you locked Daddy's car. remember?
- Right.
And she's... What?
She... she's...
- She switched our course.
- She's what?
She switched our course.
- Where to?
- She's...
Still Earth. Please
say still Earth.
Is it "bad" bad?
No. Spike. it is
much. much worse.
Okay. I think we're gonna
go. so let's say thank you.
- Thanks.
- Thank you. Gracias.
Thanks. kids! See you in hell!
This is exactly why I
don't want children!
Can we use. uh. the
old fuel-burn...
- Uh...
- get back in the old course?
Uh. well. we've got...
That's six fuel burns left.
So. we use one to get back...
No. we'll be 400 years old
by the time we get home.
We're just gonna have to
go with the new course.
There he is. Ryan! Hey!
Ryan! Ryan! Ryan! Ryan!
- Four more weeks!
- Okay. okay.
- All right. all right.
All right. look.
Ladies and gentlemen.
I do have an announcement.
Uh. it appears that we
may not be returning
to Earth for a considerable
number of months.
Oh! See? You see?
How long have you known
that. you bag of shit?
We're heading towards the Sun!
We're headed towards the Sun.
- What?
- That's the spirit!
Whoo! We're heading for the Sun!
Walking on sunshine. baby!
No. no. no. It's not
a... A euphemism.
We are actually heading
towards the actual Sun.
Oh. fuck.
What do you mean.
the... You mean the Sun?
- Yes. the...
- The hot one? The one in the sky?
- That one?
- Yes. that one. Yes.
We're heading for the Sun!
Look. can we just...
Can we just park the
Sun news momentarily?
I realize that's
a big ask. but...
What else have you been keeping
from us. you preppy cocksucker?
You drove us into the Sun!
- That was not me!
- How could you miss it?
Spike! 'Cause Spike
was at the wheel.
- I'm no snitch. but. uh...
- It was my sister's fault!
Raf. cállate!
Your kids are gonna kill us!
Get that stunted
shit out of the ship!
Lock her up!
I always knew I'd be
killed by a child.
Look. look. whatever...
Whatever happens.
I promise you
everything will be okay.
Warning.
Warning. Warning. Warning.
Oh. shit. We should
probably. um...
- Take a cold shower?
- No.
- No?
- No. Run.
Uh. there's a real
language barrier here.
I promise you. I... your safety.
the safety of your kids.
is my number one priority.
Oh. you're our hero.
- Who are you?
- I'm Charles.
I'm just her husband.
And I... I hope I'm your
top priority as well.
You... you said he jumped ship.
I mean. not literally.
I... I'm sorry. I should've...
I should have told you.
Wow. You are both so spineless.
The sex must be amazing.
Come on. kids.
So. um. we are gonna
have a conversation. Yes?
- Huh?
- Yes.
Well. I am glad that you
finally know about Charles
because... really.
that was killing us.
What do you mean "us"? What us?
Why didn't you tell me?
Oh. please.
pot-calling-kettle-fuck.
You didn't tell the passengers
that we're up here
for eight years.
I was doing it! What did
you think I was doing?
Yeah. but you didn't
quite manage it.
- did you? We all have secrets.
- I was doing it
when you came running in
with this whole Sun thing.
Hello. Avenue 5! This
is mission control.
Comms are back up.
Is everything okay?
Yeah. Everything's fine.
Just one small issue.
Okay. Everyone here has your
best interests at heart.
Mission control. Families.
The list is endless.
All right. That's enough.
Did he say "small
issue"? What small issue?
Well. I guess it's
space-related.
Okay. you two. can we
lose Hansel and Gretel?
♪ (TENSE MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
Tut. tut. tut.
You can stay.
A dangerous situation
is being taken under control.
Warning. Do not
panic. Stay calm.
A dangerous situation is
being taken under control.
Warning. Warning.
Stay calm. A dangerous
situation is being...
♪ (ELECTRONIC MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
♪ (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪